These files constitute fixes and enhancements for Webglimpse
1.7.1. Feel free to contact me at cvogler@gradient.cis.upenn.edu with
any questions or concerns.


Overview:
=========

htuml2txt.lex    - a set of lex rules intended to replace the functionality 
                   htuml2txt.pl. Can be built with either flex or an 
                   8bit-clean AT&T lex.

Makefile.linux   - Makefile for building an optimized htuml2txt on Linux.
                   Adapting it to other systems should be trivial.

Makefile.flex    - A generic makefile for flex 

Makefile.att     - A generic makefile for AT&T lex variants

makecron.patch   - A small patch that makes sure that the indexing phase
                   of Webglimpse also uses an HTML filter (html2txt,
                   htuml2txt, or htuml2txt.pl). It does so by adding the -z
                   switch to the argument list of glimpseindex.


htuml2txt.lex 
============= 

Description: A faster HTML filter for WebGlimpse than htuml2txt.pl. I
found that the spawning of all the perl processes by glimpse was way
too expensive to be practical. In particular, searching 2000 files for
a frequently occuring term took more than 30 seconds on a
PII-400/Linux 2.2.5 machine. Rewriting the filter as a set of lex
rules sped up the search by a factor of 6, which is about on par with
the plain html2txt filter.

You need either flex(1) from the Free Software Foundation
(http://www.fsf.org), or an 8bit-clean version of AT&T lex(1) to build
the filter correctly. Systems that have a C compiler installed usually
also have at least one of these tools installed. I tested the filter
successfully on Linux 2.2 (using flex), SGI IRIX 6.4 (using both flex
and AT&T lex), and Solaris 2.6 (using both flex and AT&T lex).

When in doubt, I recommend using flex. It is freely available, and it
is much faster and more robust than the AT&T variants of lex.

If you are using Linux and have egcs installed, you can build an
optimized version of html2txt with this command:

make -f Makefile.linux

Otherwise, if you are using flex on any system, you can build the
filter with this command:

make -f Makefile.flex

Finally, if you prefer using AT&T lex, you can build the filter with
this command:

make -f Makefile.att


Any of these commands should build the file "htuml2txt". To install and
use the filter, copy this file to the lib directory in your Webglimpse
home directory. Also, edit the file ".glimpse_filters" in your
database directory and replace all occurrences of "htuml2txt.pl" with
"htuml2txt".


makecron.patch
==============

This is a small patch that ensures that Webglimpse uses the HTML
filters during index creation. This can greatly reduce the number of
files that webglimpse has to search. For some search terms, I observed
a speedup of a factor of 2 with this change.

To apply the patch, change to the webglimpse home directory and run
this command:

patch -p1 < <directory to which you extracted this README>/makecron.patch

Afterwards, run makecron and reconfigure the archives to make sure
that the changes propagate to all archives.


